I have created a web based application that can be added to Vortexbox or LMS, that gives users an easy way to view information about their music collection stored within the LMS database.

Within this and LMS forums I've noticed over the years a number of people have asked questions about producing lists of the albums/CD's they have in their music collections.  As someone who develops for fun, who's never developed a web based application and who is a completest and so likes to list things, I thought I would create an application to do this.

The application is fairly simple, it shouldn't affect Vortexbox or LMS in any way as it doesn't change any configuration. The installation routine installs a standard PHP library and then just copies its own files in to the webservers folder.  They should then be accessible from your browser.

The application displays webpages listing:
All the Albums in your collection ordered by Artist
All the Albums by a specific Artist, including guest appearances and Various Artist albums
Every Artist included in your collection (including composers)
Lists of Tracks by specific Artists
Details of individual Albums, including cover art that's on the system.

Each page has a menus taking you to further pages and all the Artist, Album and Track names are links taking you to further pages.

The pages can be printed (using the browser print functionality), saved to CSV files (for importing into spreadsheets for further manipulation) and some will save to M3U playlist files.

I have put the application in GitHub, so that it is freely available for download.  It has an open source licence, so it is free and you can access its code and change it if you wish (similar to Vortexbox and LMS).  

If you download the zip file from GitHub and extract it you will find the installation instructions in install.txt.  They are simple, providing you can copy the files to your server (in the same way as you would music), logon and change to a specific folder and execute the commands given in the file.  

Let me know what you think, suggest improvements and point out any problems, remembering it works with your data and within the constraints of the structure of the LMS database.
